As expected of the venue of the Jiangzhou Chamber of Commerce
The energy of this Li family is really a huge item
Dad, your highlight moment is coming
Are you ready?
Song Yang, you are really a dog with a keen sense of smell.
Chasing me all the way here
Where I am is none of your business
Why don't you mind my business?
I am already married to Yue Shao
I am the young grandmother of the Ye family now
Of course I care if you come here to eat and drink
And you little brat
You follow this trash
When there is no food to eat, you will come to me crying and begging me
I don't want you to care
Hey you little brat
Your skin is itchy again, isn't it?
Dear, what's the matter? There is such a fire.
husband
This trash, he came in and ate and drank
As a member of the Jiangzhou Chamber of Commerce
Drive him away quickly
Song Yang, didn't you find out?
It's a mess.
Let's find a pick-up
Ye Shao, who is this?
A waste
A big waste who paid for a scrap company
Spend money to buy a waste company
No.
It's going to be that amazing company that was in the news the other day.
Bar
Did you forget to say it when you drank less last night?
That must be him!
Spent 100 million to buy a bankrupt company
Hmm, what a nerd
You might as well give me that money
I can also praise him for being a good dog